today I have a review and the review is
of this suit that I am wearing I just
got back from the pool and I kind of
before I went to the pool I filmed like
close-ups and stuff of the swimsuit and
then I thought now is probably a good
time for me to actually give you a
review of it since I'm wearing it so
this one suit is from a company called
swimsuits for all and basically it's an
online website that basically has swim
site swim sites swimsuits for all
basically I think they go from like a
size 8 to like a 30 I believe so they
have a wide variety of swim swimsuits in
all different styles and for all
different bodies shapes and sizes and
stuff like that
and they've reached out to me and asked
me if I would do if they could send me a
swimsuit in exchange for a review and so
I told them yes and I'm so glad that I
did because I am in love with this some
suit like seriously now sure just like
any other plus-size woman out there you
know I have trouble finding a swimsuit I
didn't even have one before I got this
when I had one but it was not cute and I
was always afraid to like you know buy a
swimsuit that just wasn't very
flattering for my body type what's great
about this swimsuit is that it is kind
of like a form-fitting swimsuit it has a
lot of support like I have a heavier
chest so I needed I need support in my
chest area what I really love about
this is that I decided to get the holter
talk one and it has kind of like fringe
in the front and it's just a simple
one-piece and I'll show you more of it
and the close-up and image images but
yeah it's just a one-piece suit with the
fringe on the front and it has to hold
her here this swimsuit is really great
because it has kind of like built-in
kind of bra thing it doesn't have like a
wire or anything but it has like
built-in kind of like suction I don't
know what to call that exactly but I've
just felt it gives me really great
support and I don't feel like you know
I'm sprawling out everywhere what else
is really great about this is that it
has kind of you know like have a control
kind of top or support in the midsection
area which is really great so like my
stomach is not sprawling it out
everywhere it just kind of makes me look
very uniform and it hugs me in the right
places and it really accentuates my
curves and stuff like that and I really
really really love this swimsuit like
it's really great quality and I haven't
experienced like you know any of the
thread coming out I don't really know
how well this is gonna wash up with the
fringe I will definitely let you guys
know about that but for right now I am
in absolute love with their swimsuit and
I highly highly highly highly recommend
these swimsuits for plus-sized women
just but it's gonna be really hard to
finding put finding swimsuits out on the
market as far as sizing goes I would say
that this one suit runs true to size I
may have been able to go down a size but
that's just because I've lost a few
pounds so that doesn't have anything to
do with the size of the suit that's just
my body but yeah I would say that a
wrench true to size now as for as far as
pricing goes the the pricing ranges I
believe that this particular swimsuit
that I picked out was as around $60
which really isn't too bad for a really
good quality swimsuit now what I really
really like about this
website is that they have a rate a
really good range of styles and they're
really fashion-forward and trendy so
yeah that's pretty much all I have to
say about the swimsuit I really really
really really love it and I just wanted
to share with you guys my thoughts and
my honest thoughts about it even though
I did receive it for free I wanted to
make sure that you know my review is
going to be honest and I absolutely love
the this swimsuit seriously and I can't
wait to order more of that I will post
links down to swimsuits for all down
below their Facebook and their Twitter
and their actual website will be down
below also swimsuits for all we're
really kind enough to share or give me a
coupon code to share with you guys so
that you know when you do order you can
get I think it's 10% off of your
purchase so I think that's really really
awesome I will have the coupon code for
that down below if you guys do decide to
order some suit please let me know how
you like it and I would just love to
know how it works out for you guys
because I love it so if you guys are
gonna love it too I would love to know
leave me a comment for any questions
that I didn't maybe cover in this review
down below and I will get back with you
and I think that's pretty much it for
this video so yeah don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe describe but
subscribe buttons either up there or
down there somewhere and I will see you
guys in my next video I say that every
time but I will see you guys in my next
video thank you so much for watching and
yeah that's it bye
you